README.md, before:

# VersionCheckerX

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/955769173412315136)](https://discord.gg/FmrEZSwXE4) <br>
 VersionCheckerX is a plugin that you can use in your Spigot server to check the versions of you plugins

**A resource id is the number in the end of a plugin**

There are 3 commands you can use

- ### Version Checking An Individual Plugin
```
/versionChecker indi <ID>
```
To check the version of an individual plugin, give it the resource id of the plugin.
<br><br>
- ### Version Checking Multiple Plugins
```
/versionChecker check
```
To check the version of a list of plugins. Enter their resource ID into `config.yml`, the format is linked below.
```YAML
versionID:
   versionList: [9089, 4568, 1234, 80085, 4586]
```
<br>

- ### Reloading the Config
```
/versionChecker reload
```
To reload the config so you dont need to restart your server inorder to use `/versionChecker check` after you updated the `config.yml`


## Authors
- [@vinesh27](https://www.github.com/vinesh27)


## Used By
This plugin is used in these servers:
- [The Mining Torch](https://discord.gg/m5uSj57wre)

## Support 
Need help with my plugin? [Join my Discord Server](https://discord.gg/FmrEZSwXE4), create a thread and get your issue resolved ;) 

## Contribute
If you want to contribute to this plugin, make a fork, do your work, and submit a PR, if I like the feature I'll add it to the master branch.

## Help me out
If you want to send some green paper to this plugin creator (Even though I dont need it), This is the [Buy Me A Coffee Page](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/vinesh)

Commit message:

Added new commands to readme and some minor changes

README.md, after:

# VersionCheckerX

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/tterb/atomic-design-ui/blob/master/LICENSEs)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/955769173412315136)](https://discord.gg/FmrEZSwXE4) <br>
 VersionCheckerX is a plugin that you can use in your Spigot server to check the versions of you plugins

**A resource id is the number in the end of a plugin**

There are 3 commands you can use

- ### Version Checking An Individual Plugin
```
/versionChecker indi <ID>
```
To check the version of an individual plugin, give it the resource id of the plugin.
- ### Version Checking Multiple Plugins
```
/versionChecker check
```
To check the version of a list of plugins. Enter their resource ID into `config.yml`, the format is linked below.
```YAML
versionID:
   versionList: [9089, 4568, 1234, 80085, 4586]
```
- ### Reloading the Config
```
/versionChecker reload
```
To reload the config so you don't need to restart your server inorder to use `/versionChecker check` after you updated the `config.yml`
```
/versionChecker aboutMe
```
Gives you a bit of info about the developer of this plugin
```
/versionChecker help
```
Gives you a small info about the commands
## Authors
- [@vinesh27](https://www.github.com/vinesh27)


## Used By
This plugin is used in these servers:
- [The Mining Torch](https://discord.gg/m5uSj57wre)

## Support 
Need help with my plugin? [Join my Discord Server](https://discord.gg/FmrEZSwXE4), create a ticket and get your issue resolved ;) 

## Contribute
If you want to contribute to this plugin, make a fork, do your work, and submit a PR, if I like the feature I'll add it to the master branch.

## Help me out
If you want to send some green paper to this plugin creator (Even though I don't need it), This is the [Buy Me A Coffee Page](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/vinesh)
